docs: typos and grammar fixes (#180)
nuxt/image: docs/content/en/advanced/custom-provider.md

## Provider Entry

> The runtime will receive a src, image modifiers and its provider options and generates a url for optimized images. Runtime is universal and can run on both server side and client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime will receive a source, image modifiers and its provider options. It is responsible for generating a url for optimized images, and needs to be isomorphic because it may be called on either server or client.
```
